Previously on
Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS
(gasps)
Oh hi, Playmaker!
How do you know
about my identity?
I'm the one who
helped you out yesterday.
So that means you're Soulburner.
You might not believe it,
but you and I have
a lot in common.
I think you'll understand when
I introduce you to my buddy
Hello.
An Ignis?
I've been tracking and trailing
Bohman's digital signature.
And although I haven't been
able to get an exact location...
I've been able to narrow
it down to this spot.
That's deep in the LINK
VRAINS's restricted area,
what's he doing there?
Don't know.
But when I combed the area
to see if there
were any more clues...
I found some fragmented bits
and bytes of a strange program.
It's an Ignis
algorithm!
Whoa for real?
Yes--
of a Wind Ignis.
(Ai)
It's a message
from Gore Gal!
(Flame)
It looks more like a map.
For entering the
restricted area.
It also says there's
a portal at the end
that even SOL Tech
doesn't know about.
Then that's where we're going.
♪♪♪
We've made it inside,
and so far I don't see any
traps waiting to be sprung.
Cuz you're looking in
the wrong direction.
(Playmaker gasps)
Found you Playmaker!
We have to move now, Soulburner!
(Playmaker)
Step on it!
(electronic buzzing)
(whooshing)
♪♪♪
(Operator A)
Gore's squad
has found Playmaker.
But he's not alone.
(grunts)
(Zaizen)
It's him again.
Why is he helping Playmaker?
Is that... Gore?
(Ai)
Nahhh,it can't be.
The Gore I know doesn't
have a free flowing locks
Playmaker!
I knew I'd track ya down,
you pork choppin' tater!
You're not gettin' away!
Okay, that's Gore.
Hey Kenji!
Yozaka!
You guys flank Playmaker!
And don't let him escape!
(Yozaka)
All right!
(Kenji)
Got it!
I'm just here for one thing.
And that thing is a duel.
He sure sounds serious.
Are you down for a duel?
No actually.
We have other priorities.
Later skater!
Get back here!
(clash)
(groans)
(whooshing)
Hey! Don't
bash our bumper!
(Gore grunts)
Then stop runnin' away!
(whooshing)
Launch the blockade stat.
Right in Playmaker's path!
They're still on our tail.
(Flame)
But they're not
fast enough to catch us.
(shooting)
Oh byte!
I spoke too soon!
They have us sandwiched.
Not if we fly through it.
Ah! No, no, no, no!
(shooting)
♪♪♪
(whooshing)
(yelling)
(explosion)
(both yelling)
(Hayami)
Mr. Zaizen,
I found the other
duelist's account info.
It says his name
is... Soulburner.
Soulburner, huh?
(Zaizen)
Just like Playmaker,
this Soulburner
also has an Ignis.
And he showed up
right when Playmaker
unexpectedly returned
to LINK VRAINS
for the first time in months.
This has to be more
than coincidence.
It feels like
something must be up.
But what?
Shut down the blockade field.
But keep tracking
their movements.
(Operator B)
Yes sir!
(Ai)
Yahoo!
We made it through!
No sweat!
(Flame)
No sweat for you
because you did
none of the work.
Don't go and celebrate
anything just yet.
Without those energy
spheres to slow us down,
we may be in the clear.
But so is he.
(Ai)
Sheesh,
what's burnin'
his afterburners?
Okay, Playmaker
I'll handle The Gore
and you go on ahead.
Yeah?
Yeah. That's what
friends do, right?
Although technically,
this is the second time
I'm saving your tail
but who's counting.
Listen, no one wants to
see the two duelists
who fought Varis
fight each other.
That's bad PR.
Besides, I'd love
the challenge.
Fine then.
Just be careful.
Hmm.
Don't worry, he has me.
(Ai)
And how is that a positive?
Because I'm not you.
How dare you!
(Soulburner)
Hey Gore!
Huh?
I'm a big fan!
(Gore grunts)
Hey watch your speedin',
ya crazy schlub!
(Soulburner)
“Schlub? ”
Isn't that some kind
of bush or something?
(sighs)
(Soulburner chuckles)
If you don't mind,
I'd prefer it if you
called me Soulburner.
I don't care what you want!
All I care is that
you're interfering
with my business of
capturing an Ignis!
But I have an Ignis too, Gore.
(Flame)
And a superior one at that.
What?
You have an Ignis?
(Zaizen)
Gore, if you have a moment.
Yeah, a quick one,
what do you want.
You never did
answer my question,
as to why you decided to become
a Sol Tech bounty hunter.
(Gore clears throat)
♪♪♪
Why do you care so much?
It's my job to care,
especially when
something doesn't
quite add up to me.
Let's be honest with
each other shall we.
You and I both know,
bounty hunting isn't
really your thing.
Nor is it for other
celebrity duelists.
Yeah,
you may be right.
But ya see,
the celebrity circuit isn't
gonna get me what I want.
Which is to restore my name
as the top duelist in the world!
And there's only one person
that can get me that!
You mean Playmaker.
Right.
So when I heard you SOL Techs
were gonna go searchin' for him.
I was down to join
the hunting party.
I see,
but is your resolve
greater than his?
Because anyone who can
survive the Lost Incident
will not be the easiest
duelist to defeat.
Lost Incident?
So like,
you're one of them Lost
Incident survivors, huh?
In the flesh.
Not really somethin'
I can put on my resume
but yeah you're right,
I'm one of them.
But I'd rather be big upped
for my dueling skills.
Then it looks like
I'm gonna be puttin'
those skills o'
yours to the test.
Cuz when I signed up for
this bounty hunting gig,
I did say I'd capture
every Ignis out there.
I'll get Ai once I'm
through with you.
Yes!
It's not every day
we get to duel our hero!
Your hero, not mine.
And I would prefer
not to be captured,
understand?
You better listen
to your lil' buddy
because I'm not lookin'
to be your role model.
We'll see about that.
(grunts)
Let's Speed Duel!
I'm gonna go first, bub.
So here I go!
Isn't this cool, Flame?
We're actually getting to
battle The Gore in a duel!
Yes, exciting.
My exhilaration
knows no bounds.
But in case you were wondering,
this is called sarcasm
where I say what
I don't actually believe.
Understand?
Good.
On the serious side,
I've analyzed Gore's
previous matches.
And his strategy
evolves greatly
from one duel to the next,
making him quite
unpredictable.
So the only thing we can
expect is the unexpected.
(Flame)
Be on your guard, Soulburner.
I use my Skill!
Dinowrestle Revolution!
I get to activate
the Field Spell
WORLD DINO WRESTLING
from my deck!
With it, Every time
my DINOWRESTLERS
attack your monster,
they gain 200 attack points!
Gore already used
his Skill.
Uh-huh. And it's one that
he's never used before.
I summon my
DINOWRESTLER CAPOEIRAPTOR
to the field!
(wind blows)
(computer chirping)
It's not just his Skill.
He's not playing with
his Gouki Deck anymore.
I said to expect
the unexpected,
but this even exceeds
my unexpectations.
(sighs)
Yeah I bet!
Next I activate
the spell DINOMUSCLE!
It pumps up my DINOWRESTLER
with 400 more attack points!
(timer beeping)
With that I end my turn.
Okay Soulburner,
show me what you think you got!
You don't need to tell me twice!
It's my turn!
I draw!
By sending SALAMANGREAT FALCO
to the graveyard,
SALAMANGREAT MEER
can summon itself
directly from my hand!
Come on out!
(computer chirping)
But it won't be stickin'
around for very long.
Cuz I can return this
SALAMANGREAT to my hand
to trigger FALCO's
special ability
and revive the bird
from my graveyard.
(computer chirping)
And when an ability sends
MEER back to my hand,
I get to resummon
it to the field.
So I guess I was
wrong when I said
it wasn't stickin' around.
(computer chirping)
I follow that up by summoning
SALAMANGREAT JACK JAGUAR!
(computer chirping)
(Gore)
He's got everything
he needs to Link Summon.
I blaze the circuit,
that scorches the
path to the future!
(explosion)
The summoning conditions
require at least
two Fire Monsters!
And I have three!
I set SALAMANGREAT FALCO,
MEER and JACK JAGUAR
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
(roaring)
(explosion)
(Soulburner)
Link 3
SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
♪♪♪
Interesting.
(whooshing)
♪♪♪
Oh, man.
If we let Gore's DINOWRESTLER
survive until the next turn,
that's really gonna stink for us
because then he'll have the
strongest monster in play.
(Flame)
I agree.
So the smart move is
to do whatever we
can to get rid of it.
You read my mind Flame.
Since I Link Summoned HEATLEO,
its special ability activates.
letting me return one of your
spell or trap
cards to your deck.
So you can say goodbye
to your DINOMUSCLE!
(Soulburner)
And without that muscle,
your CAPOEIRAPTOR
loses 400 attack points.
(timer beeping)
But that's only step one.
My JACK JAGUAR has
an ability too.
I hate to wake
a sleeping kitty cat but...
if I return one of
my other SALAMANGREATS
that's in the
graveyard to my deck,
I can resummon JACK JAGUAR
next to HEATLEO's link.
So I return SALAMANGREAT FALCO
to my deck so that JACK JAGUAR
can pounce right
back into the game!
(computer chirping)
Next, I'll place this facedown.
All right!
HEATLEO!
Destroy CAPOEIRAPTOR!
Blazing Blast!
(roaring)
Too bad but CAPOEIRAPTOR
can't be destroyed when
it's in attack mode.
What?
Oh byte.
Well, at least he
still takes damage.
(Gore groans)
(timer beeping)
(Gore)
After the battle,
my wrestler automatically
switches to defense mode.
Ah!
If it's in defense,
that means
it can now be destroyed.
And we still have our
JACK JAGUAR to attack with.
Plus its special ability
allows it to still deal damage
even if Gore's
monster's in defense mode.
All right, tear ‘em to
shreds JACK JAGUAR!
Clamp those claws!
When I have a
DINOWRESTLER in the ring,
WORLD DINO WRESTLING's effect
only allows one monster
to attack per turn.
So JACK JAGUAR ain't doin' jack!
What?
He said JACK JAGUAR
is not doing any Jack.
Weren't you listening?
(giggling)
(Soulburner)
Yeah, yeah. I heard him.
Then what's...
with the gigglin'?
I know the stakes
are high and everything,
but you don't
know what it's like
to duel one of your heroes!
It's a dream come true!
(Soulburner)
So if I'm dreamin'
don't wake me up!
Unless of course it's
to duel you for real.
But this is isn't
a dream... right?
(reporters)
Mr. Gore! Mr. Gore!
Over here!
(reporter A)
Just one question for
the "VRAINS Times"!
Tell us Mr. Gore, what
made you risk your life
to try to save LINK VRAINS?
The kids.
Knowing that the
smiles on their faces
would just vanish if
I didn't do somethin'?
That's all the
motivation I needed.
Yes, yes, that's nice
and everything, Mr. Gore.
But can we talk about
the true hero of all this?
(Gore grunts)
(Reporter A)
You know who I'm
talking about--
Playmaker!
What's he doing these days?
Don't know.
Haven't seen him.
(Reporter B)
You haven't?
But aren't you his sidekick?
Or at least his apprentice?
(Reporter A)
We want to ask him--
how did he singlehandedly
save the day?
Excuse me, our readers
would like to know.
Do you think Playmaker is
all that or all that n'more?
Oh yes.
What is your answer
to that burning question?
(Reporter B)
If LINK VRAINS is
ever in trouble again,
can we count on
Playmaker to save us?
(Reporter A)
Have we seen the
last of Playmaker?
Get out!
(reporters screaming)
All of you!
Get out!
(Female Reporter)
So sorry, Mr.Gore
So no comment on Playmaker?
(Gore)
They cared less about
me than a side of
cole slaw in a 20-piece meal.
All they wanted to know about
was Playmaker this,
and Playmaker that.
I know it's easy
to fault the press,
but they don't know
the true story
of what happened
like you and I do.
How Playmaker had
no chance to defeat
Varis without your help.
Try not to
let it get to you.
(Gore)
That's easy
for him to say.
It's not like he was once
on top of the leagues.
And now everyone thinks
he's chump change.
Well, I'll
show ‘em that
Gore's never down
for the count.
I'm gonna change my focus,
not on the gleam and
the glamour of the spotlight
but on getting the win,
the win against Playmaker.
So this Soulburner
may think I'm his hero.
But that hero ain't
around no more.
And I have no problem
takin' down my former fans!
It's my turn!
I draw!
When my CAPOEIRAPTOR
is in defense mode
I can summon
another CAPOEIRAPTOR
from my deck!
(computer chirping)
(roaring)
Next, I summon
DINOWRESTLER CAPAPTERA!
(electrical chirping)
And with that
I can mash up my circuit!
The summoning conditions require
two or more DINOWRESTLERS.
So I set two
DINOWRESTLER CAPOEIRAPTORS
and one DINOWRESTLER
CAPAPTERA in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3
DINOWRESTLER KING
T WREXTLE!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
I Link Summon!
Link 3
DINOWRESTLER KING
T WREXTLE!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
And the king of the ring isn't
done flexing its muscles!
Since I used
CAPAPTERA to Link Summon
KING T WREXTLE gains
1,000 attack points
until the end of this turn!
(timer beeping)
That sure is a lot
of attack points.
Indeed.
(Gore)
Soulburner is
forcin' me to duel
at the top of my game.
Must be cuz he went through the
Lost Incident like Playmaker.
That incident didn't
make no cupcakes.
(Gore)
So you don't
think I got what
it takes to outduel Playmaker.
No Gore, I said
that those who went
through the Lost Incident
had to fight to survive.
Not for fame or glory
like a celebrity duelist,
but for survival.
That takes a certain
kind of heart.
How could you possibly expect
to compete against that?
(Gore)
Zaizen doesn't know
the first thing about me.
If he thinks the
Lost Incident was bad,
then he doesn't know
the meaning of the word “lost".
Don't let my championship
belts and trophies fool ya.
I was raised in
the grime and the gore.
They had to
win a duel to eat?
At least they were
given a chance to eat!
I had nothing.
Nothing at all.
Until dueling saved me.
I finally had a chance
to control my fate
with my own hands.
And I wasn't gonna let go.
Duelin' showed
me that no matter
how bad things were,
you can rise up out of it.
But it also taught me
that if you let
your guard down--
even for a moment--
someone's gonna come
and steal your shine
and kick you back
into the trenches.
That's why I gotta
keep winning--
and not let anyone stop
me ‘til I reach the top!
Not Playmaker,
not anyone!
So I won't let no
fireball burn me out!
Go!
KING T WREXTLE!
Attack HEATLEO!
(roaring)
My Field Spell
WORLD DINO WRESTLING
raises KING T WREXTLE's
attack points by 200!
(timer beeping)
I have a card that
can deal with that--
No.
You don't because KING
T WREXTLE's ability
stops ya from using
spell or trap cards!
What?
(Gore)
Now you see who the real
king of the jungle is!
(groaning)
(timer beeping)
Yes!
(sighs)
(Gore)
Face it, burner boy.
You thought you
were gonna stop me.
But you ain't nothing more
than a speed bump.
Cuz I got my sights
on bigger game--
and you ain't Playmaker.
You're goin' down,
he's goin' down
and no paparazzi's
gonna be callin' me
a sidekick ever again!
Umm...
Yeah. So I was
totally followin' ya.
Til the end.
With that sidekick
paparazzi stuff.
Right now, you're
sounding kinda...
like, well, a tool.
Say what now?
What did you call me?
(Soulburner)
A tool.
Not a useful one like
a wrench or a hammer,
but the one that's
like a sad mopey dope.
You know what?
You're kinda bummin' me out.
I don't know if this is
a phase you're goin' through.
But c'mon and snap out of
it already would ya?
Really now!
And why's it that you care!
(Soulburner)
Because I do!
(grunts)
Cuz you're my hero.
Not because you had
the splashiest cards
or the best strategies.
But because no one
tried harder than you.
And that meant a lot to me.
I saw how an ordinary guy
worked with his friends
to stop the greatest
threat LINK VRAINS ever faced--
just cuz he refused to give up.
Because he always
believed in himself--
so if I believed in myself,
I could make it too!
But now all my ears are hearin'
is the pity party of a Gore
who's feelin' sorry for himself.
But Gore,
you don't need to go and
feel all sorry for yourself.
Cause I feel sorry for you.
♪♪♪
I'm gonna go and end my turn.
So DINOWRESTLER KING
T WREXTLE's attack points
drop back to 3,000.
(timer beeping)
(Soulburner)
Gore, if the old
you is really gone--
if this really isn't
my hero I'm lookin' at--
I got no problems burnin' ya.
Cuz I can't afford to
lose this duel either.
You better watch out!
Cuz here I come!
♪♪♪